# Do We Really Need a Three-player Game in Adversarial Oversampling?

The majority of known solutions for class imbalanced classification problems are based on traditional oversampling techniques, which cannot provide an end-to-end solution. This issue has been recently addressed by a proposal for a single-stage end-to-end adversarial classifier that uses a domain-constraint combination of generators to play an adversarial game with two additional networks: a discriminator and a classifier. In such a three-player game, the discriminator tries to push the generators' output near to 1 (one-hot-code). However, due to the influence of same class (major or minor) data, the class conditional generator can not guarantee one-hot-code output and instead produces a class-averaging output. Furthermore, the discriminator's goal is to force the generator to match the real distribution (majority and minority classes), which may conflict with the classifier's objective. As a result of these issues, the classifier achieved a sub-optimal performance under three player settings. To address these shortcomings, this paper introduces Gumbel generators while removing the discriminator, which makes it a two-player game. The parameters of the two players (i.e., Gumbel generators and classifier) are dependent on each other. Extensive experiments were carried out on six distinct class imbalance problems regarding 'holding and delay classification' in terminal manoeuvring airspace. These results are compared to the state-of-the-art three-player adversarial classifiers to evaluate our proposed strategy. Experiments reveal that our two-player strategy outperforms existing oversampling methods.
